Question 1]
A computer program is said to learn from experience E with
respect to some task T and some performance measure P if its
performance on T, as measured by P, improves with experience E.
Suppose we feed a learning algorithm a lot of historical weather
data, and have it learn to predict weather. In this setting, what is T?

Answer :- 
T := The weather prediction task.
P := The probability of it correctly predicting a future date's weather.
E := The process of the algorithm examining a large amount of historical weather data.

Question 2]

Suppose you are working on weather prediction, and your weather
station makes one of three predictions for each day's weather:
Sunny, Cloudy or Rainy.  You'd like to use a learning algorithm to predict tomorrow's weather.
Would you treat this as a classification or a regression problem?

Answer :-
Classification

Question 3]

Suppose you are working on stock market prediction.  You would like to predict 
whether or not a certain company will declare bankruptcy within the next 7 days 
(by training on data of similar companies that had previously been at risk of bankruptcy).  
Would you treat this as a classification or a regression problem?

Answer :-
Classification

Question 4]

Some of the problems below are best addressed using a supervised
learning algorithm, and the others with an unsupervised
learning algorithm.  Which of the following would you apply
supervised learning to?  (Select all that apply.) In each case, assume some appropriate
dataset is available for your algorithm to learn from.

Answer:- 
1. Take a collection of 1000 essays written on the US Economy, and find a way to automatically group these 
essays into a small number of groups of essays that are somehow "similar" or "related". :=
This is an unsupervised learning/clustering problem (similar to the Google News example in the lectures).
2. Given genetic (DNA) data from a person, predict the odds of him/her developing diabetes over the next 10 years. :=
This can be addressed as a supervised learning, classification, problem, where we can learn from a 
labeled dataset comprising different people's genetic data, and labels telling us if they had developed diabetes.
3. Given 50 articles written by male authors, and 50 articles written by female authors, learn to predict the gender 
of a new manuscript's author (when the identity of this author is unknown). :=
This can be addressed as a supervised learning, classification, problem, where we learn from the labeled data to predict gender
4. Examine a large collection of emails that are known to be spam email, to discover if there are sub-types of spam mail. :=
This can addressed using a clustering (unsupervised learning) algorithm, to cluster spam mail into sub-types.

Question 5]
Which of these is a reasonable definition of machine learning?

Answer :- 
Machine learning is the field of study that gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed.
This was the definition given by Arthur Samuel (who had written the famous checkers playing, learning program).
